Added Server2Server configuration as requirement #2971 (#3039)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbHybrid/hybrid/plan-call-data-connector.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Call Data Connector will not function if Monitoring is not enabled on the front end pool.

> - A required Server-to-Server authentication configuration properly [see more](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/manage/authentication/server-to-server-and-partner-applications). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Properly configured [server-to-server authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/manage/authentication/server-to-server-and-partner-applications). 
```
